check-before-deployment: Add info about chronyd/chronyc on CentOS 8 (#5283)
pingcap/docs: check-before-deployment.md

    Active: active (running) since 一 2017-12-18 13:13:19 CST; 3s ago
    ```

>     - If it returns `Unit ntpd.service could not be found.` then try the following:

Reviewer: This tells users what this command is about before they try it.
```suggestion
    If it returns `Unit ntpd.service could not be found.`, then try the following command, which configures your system to use `chronyd` instead of `ntpd` to perform clock synchronization with NTP:
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    sudo systemctl status cronyd.service
    ```

    ```
    chronyd.service - NTP client/server
    Loaded: loaded (/usr/lib/systemd/system/chronyd.service; enabled; vendor preset: enabled)
    Active: active (running) since Mon 2021-04-05 09:55:29 EDT; 3 days ago
    ```

>     This would mean that your system is configured to use `chronyd` instead of `ntpd` to do synchronization with NTP. If this is the case proceed to step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your system is configured to use `chronyd`, proceed to step 3.
```

>     {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}
> 
>     ```bash
>     sudo systemctl status cronyd.service
>     ```
> 
>     ```
>     chronyd.service - NTP client/server
>     Loaded: loaded (/usr/lib/systemd/system/chronyd.service; enabled; vendor preset: enabled)
>     Active: active (running) since Mon 2021-04-05 09:55:29 EDT; 3 days ago
>     ```
> 
>     If your system is configured to use `chronyd`, proceed to step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}
    
        ```bash
        sudo systemctl status cronyd.service
        ```
    
        ```
        chronyd.service - NTP client/server
        Loaded: loaded (/usr/lib/systemd/system/chronyd.service; enabled; vendor preset: enabled)
        Active: active (running) since Mon 2021-04-05 09:55:29 EDT; 3 days ago
        ```
    
        If your system is configured to use `chronyd`, proceed to step 3.
```

        Unable to talk to NTP daemon. Is it running?
        ```

3. Run the `chronyc tracking` command to check wheter the Chrony service synchronizes with the NTP server.

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > This only applies to system that use Chrony instead of NTPd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > This only applies to system that uses Chrony instead of NTPd.
```

Author: I think the original is sentence is correct.

Reviewer: Grammatically, the logical subject of the verb "use" is "system", which is a singular noun. Therefore, in this case, "uses" is grammatically correct. If we want to use "use", "system" should be in the plural form "systems".

Author: Hmz. in that case both look wrong to me.

Would any of these be ok?

```suggestion
    > This only applies to systems that use Chrony instead of NTPd.
```

```suggestion
    > This only applies to a system that uses Chrony instead of NTPd.
```

Reviewer: Yes. Both LGTM

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    chronyc tracking
    ```

>     - If it returns `Leap status     : Normal`, then the synchronization process is normal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the command returns `Leap status     : Normal`, the synchronization process is normal.
```

        ```
        Reference ID    : 5EC69F0A (ntp1.time.nl)
        Stratum         : 2
        Ref time (UTC)  : Thu May 20 15:19:08 2021
        System time     : 0.000022151 seconds slow of NTP time
        Last offset     : -0.000041040 seconds
        RMS offset      : 0.000053422 seconds
        Frequency       : 2.286 ppm slow
        Residual freq   : -0.000 ppm
        Skew            : 0.012 ppm
        Root delay      : 0.012706812 seconds
        Root dispersion : 0.000430042 seconds
        Update interval : 1029.8 seconds
        Leap status     : Normal
        ```

>     - The following situation indicates the synchronization is not synchronizing normally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the command returns the following result, an error occurs in the synchronization:
```

        ```
        Leap status    : Not synchronised
        ```

>     - The following situation indicates the `chronyd` service is not running normally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the command returns the following result, the `chronyd` service is not running normally:
```
